Summary of meeting on Wednesday, August 30th. The meeting took place during class time.

- We started by deciding on a new hosting platform for our program after Digital Ocean began to collapse. During this time we switched from planing to use two seperate hosting sites for front end and back end and instead decided to use only one after realizing it would be too difficult to connect them. After some discussion and eliminating various options we decided to use Railway for our hosting.

- After making this decision we moved on to deciding our application's name. We started out coming up with some silly ideas but then we realized that if we wanted to show the application on our resumes it would need a more serious name. Then we asked ChatGPT about it but while we liked some individual parts of the ideas none of them really clicked. One of the ideas we came up with ended with pics so as a joke I said we could call the site PicsPics but that actually sounded good but still a bit too jokey to work so we edited slightly to be PixelPix. Then we further learned that there's already a site called PixelPix so we made the final change to PixlPix.

- Now that we had a name and hosting platform we started looking over the Instagram website to get ideas on features we'd want to include, along with the general look and feel of the site. I created a google doc to store ideas that we didn't want to make part of our basic features, but that we'd like to impliment if we had the time. After talking over our ideas for a bit class was over and my other group members needed to leave, so we ended the meeting.

- At the time of the meeting both code and design had finished their tasks, but test was unable to finish due to the problems with Digital Ocean. The reports and videos hadn't been finished by anyone at that point as we were still finalizing several aspects of the program.
